What's that?
Should not
Did you do something illegal?
Let me tell you something.
We can be poor
But illegal things must not be done
Let's talk before you get caught
What's going on in your head?
Your husband, am I such a person?
Then where did you get so much money?
OK
This is the exclusive membership card of Baileys Mall.
serendipity
I saved a general manager of this mall
So he sent me a credit card for reporting
Then why didn't the waiter know?
Well, his level is not enough.
So I can't touch this level of card.
You are like this
However, this VIP card
It's exactly the same as a bank card.
Ah, is that why it is called Supreme VIP?
Let's go shopping again
This card can only be used here
Don't waste it
I'll wear the new clothes you bought me to work tomorrow
Division
Hey, did you hear?
We have a new person coming to our design department today
It is said that you only have a high school degree
high school
I remember even the security guards on our TV
Undergraduate bar, a high school student comes to our design department
It must have gone through the back door
Hey come come come
Come on, everyone be quiet
Let me introduce you to everyone
This is your new colleague Gu Qingqing
Hello everyone, my name is Gu Qingqing
Did you see what he was wearing?
They are all limited editions for the season.
The cheapest one has 7 digits.
So good-looking and so rich
Who knows which boss will maintain it?
Hmph, we have worked hard to make progress with our ability
Why does he have everything with one leg?
Hey, Mr. Gu
It just so happens that this new colleague will be handed over to you in the future.
Ok, Sister Wang.
Gu Qingqing
How are you